Add testing section to PR template (#6)
project-march/.github: pull_request_template.md

* Added topic
-->

## Testing

> <!-- Provide additional information necessary for testing this PR. This includeds thing like branches in other repos, launch arguments or gait directories. In the case of a bug fix, provide the steps to reproduce to bug.-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Provide additional information necessary for testing this PR. This includes details like branches in other repos, launch arguments or gait directories. In the case of a bug fix, provide the steps to reproduce the bug.-->
```
